Fix verbatim control flow side effects (#15542)
ethereum/solidity: docs/yul.rst

- Control-flow should not jump into or out of verbatim blocks,
  but it can jump within the same verbatim block.

> - Reverting and returning within verbatim are *not* allowed.

Reviewer: I'd merge it with the previous point. It's really a consequence of it.
```suggestion
  In particular, reverting or returning from the block is *not* allowed.
```

> - In particular, reverting or returning from the block is *not* allowed.

Reviewer: Note that in https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/pull/15542#discussion_r1852823712 this was supposed to be merged with the bullet point above.

```suggestion
  In particular, reverting or returning from the block is *not* allowed.
```
